All right now that you've finished the lecture on how to use balsamic I can show you a real life example
of a balsamic wireframe we use to launch a separate sub page for our our main Sprint kicked up com home
page.
So I built this in balsamic and you can see that has a lot of the same features that we just kind of
went over and I can show you this is kind of you know the level of difficulty and the level of detail
that I would expect someone to Bill who's building something on balsamic would would kind of go for.
As you can see this is not particularly detail.
We wanted to make a long landing page something that you could scroll down one of those long long pages.
And we wanted to make sure that we could have one separate logo.
So we kind of threw something together on balsamic This is the idea behind it.
We wanted to do spirit kick developer on demand and this service was service we started about a year
ago helping people staff their companies with contracted labor.
And so basically what I just did is I took a picture of the art Hetter bar at Sprint.
I copied that inserted as an image into balsamic so that you could see our top bar and I changed out
just with X marks and Wolf shapes that I would use as a scratch out.
And then I changed it to what I wanted it to say at the top and then pretty much everything down here
it's all just kind of chicken scratch together.
This is roughly the text that I wanted to put.
This is roughly kind of the idea of icon design that I wanted to put together.
Let's say we design pretty much each section out.
And so as you can see it was super quick and easy put in pretty much every section.
I thought I'd want you noticed that I kind of scratched it together it's very much a loose mock up.
And then I just kind of give you an idea like you know put a picture of a human for a start up and three
humans for a mid-sized company and multiple ones for enterprise and I locked it up with the graphic
designer didn't kind of come up with an image that would match all of that.
And then even like when you were in FNQ I don't need to write out every single piece of text.
I can just put loosely what the format should look like and I'll show you what it ends up looking like
at the end.
So then the page ended up looking like I see that's that custom logo that we got done as the new header.
Is that icon set that I previously talked about.
And everything kind of worked out pretty well.
This entire thing costs us about five hundred dollars.
That includes the programming that includes the design includes even little inserting like little javascript
plug ins that make it such that I can do all things like this and so not too shabby.
You don't really have to break the bank to get things done.